update terminate unhealthy node feature to include details about changes in v15.0.0 (#951)
giantswarm/docs: src/content/advanced/automatic-node-termination/index.md

# Automatic termination of unhealthy nodes

{{< platform_support_table aws="alpha=v12.6.0,ga=v15.0.0" azure="alpha=v13.1.0" kvm="alpha=v14.0.0" >}}

## Introduction

Degraded nodes in a Kubernetes cluster should be a rare issue, however when it occurs, it can have severe consequences for the workloads scheduled to the affected nodes. The goal should be to detect bad nodes early and remove them from the cluster, replacing them with healthy ones.

> Starting with workload cluster release v12.6.0 for AWS, v13.1.0 for Azure and v14.0.0 for KVM, you have the option to automate the detection and termination of bad nodes. When enabled, all nodes in your cluster are periodically checked. If a node fails consecutive health checks over an extended time period, it will be drained and terminated.

Reviewer: The terminology here is pretty ambiguous.
What is periodically checked and more importantly what is an extended time period?

Author: the exact values can vary provider from the provider and also little bit vary depending on the scenario, I could add some approximation in the brackets

Author: but its already explained here https://github.com/giantswarm/docs/pull/951/files#diff-f80ad37cb34318a01c004ce147cde7ea1a765de281daf197714fa2fed1254702R31

> From AWS workload cluster release v15.0.0 the feature is enabled by default. For the other providers, check the provider-specific sections below to find out how to enable this function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From AWS workload cluster release v15.0.0 the feature is enabled by default. In order to enable this functionality for other providers, please refer to the applicable section below.
```

# Automatic termination of unhealthy nodes

> {{< platform_support_table aws="alpha=v12.6.0" aws="ga=v15.0.0" azure="alpha=v13.1.0" kvm="alpha=v14.0.0" >}}

Reviewer 2: Syntax fix:

```suggestion
{{< platform_support_table aws="alpha=v12.6.0,ga=v15.0.0" azure="alpha=v13.1.0" kvm="alpha=v14.0.0" >}}
```

## Introduction

Degraded nodes in a Kubernetes cluster should be a rare issue, however when it occurs, it can have severe consequences for the workloads scheduled to the affected nodes. The goal should be to detect bad nodes early and remove them from the cluster, replacing them with healthy ones.

> Starting with workload cluster release v12.6.0 for AWS, v13.1.0 for Azure and v14.0.0 for KVM, you now have the option to automate the detection and termination of bad nodes. When enabled, all nodes in your cluster are periodically checked. If a node fails consecutive health checks over an extended time period, it will be drained and terminated.

Reviewer 2: As it's no longer that new:

```suggestion
Starting with workload cluster release v12.6.0 for AWS, v13.1.0 for Azure and v14.0.0 for KVM, you have the option to automate the detection and termination of bad nodes. When enabled, all nodes in your cluster are periodically checked. If a node fails consecutive health checks over an extended time period, it will be drained and terminated.
```

> From release `v15.0.0` the feature is **enabled by default**.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
From AWS release `v15.0.0` the feature is **enabled by default**. On other providers it has to be enabled.
```

> From AWS release `v15.0.0` the feature is **enabled by default**. On other providers it has to be enabled.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
From AWS workload cluster release v15.0.0 the feature is enabled by default. On other providers it has to be enabled explicitly.
```

We don't use literals for release versions. Also I think the emphasis is not necessary.

## Enabling automatic termination

> Automatic termination of unhealthy nodes is **enabled by default** for releases greater or equal to `v15.0.0` nd  **disabled by default** for older releases.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Automatic termination of unhealthy nodes is **enabled by default** on AWS since release `v15.0.0` and  **disabled by default** for older releases.
```

This section explains how you can enable the feature for each supported provider.

> ### AWS release < v15.0.0

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### AWS

#### Workload cluster releases v12.6.x to v14.x.x
```

## Enabling automatic termination

> Automatic termination of unhealthy nodes is **enabled by default** on AWS since release `v15.0.0` and  **disabled by default** for older releases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Automatic termination of unhealthy nodes is **enabled by default** on AWS as of release `v15.0.0`. It continues to be **disabled by default** for older releases.
```

This section explains how you can enable the feature for each supported provider.

### AWS

#### Workload cluster releases v12.6.x to v14.x.x

> To enable it, you have to edit the [`AWSCluster`]({{< relref "/ui-api/management-api/crd/awsclusters.infrastructure.giantswarm.io.md" >}}) resource of your cluster using the [Management API]({{< relref "/ui-api/management-api/" >}}).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable the feature, edit the [`AWSCluster`]({{< relref "/ui-api/management-api/crd/awsclusters.infrastructure.giantswarm.io.md" >}}) resource of your cluster using the [Management API]({{< relref "/ui-api/management-api/" >}}).
```

If you want to disable the feature you must remove the annotation from the [`AWSCluster`]({{< relref "/ui-api/management-api/crd/awsclusters.infrastructure.giantswarm.io.md" >}}) custom resource.

### AWS release >= v15.0.0

> To disable it, you have to edit the [`AWSCluster`]({{< relref "/ui-api/management-api/crd/awsclusters.infrastructure.giantswarm.io.md" >}}) resource of your cluster using the [Management API]({{< relref "/ui-api/management-api/" >}}).
> 
> Make sure the resource has the `node.giantswarm.io/terminate-unhealthy` annotation. The value to disable the feature needs to be `false`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To disable automatic termination of unhealthy nodes, you have to edit the [`AWSCluster`]({{< relref "/ui-api/management-api/crd/awsclusters.infrastructure.giantswarm.io.md" >}}) resource of your cluster using the [Management API]({{< relref "/ui-api/management-api/" >}}).

Make sure the resource has the annotation

```yaml
node.giantswarm.io/terminate-unhealthy: "false"
```

Note: The value must be a string, so pay attention to have these double quotes.
```

```yaml
apiVersion: infrastructure.giantswarm.io/v1alpha2
kind: AWSCluster
metadata:
  annotations:
    node.giantswarm.io/terminate-unhealthy: "false"
  labels:
    giantswarm.io/cluster: jni9x
    giantswarm.io/organization: giantswarm
    release.giantswarm.io/version: 12.6.0
  name: jni9x
  namespace: default
spec:
  ...
```

### Azure

> To enable it, you have to edit the [`Cluster`]({{< relref "/ui-api/management-api/crd/clusters.cluster.x-k8s.io.md" >}}) resource of your cluster using the [Management API]({{< relref "/ui-api/management-api" >}}).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To enable automatic termination of unhealthy nodes, you have to edit the [`Cluster`]({{< relref "/ui-api/management-api/crd/clusters.cluster.x-k8s.io.md" >}}) resource of your cluster using the [Management API]({{< relref "/ui-api/management-api" >}}).
```

If you want to disable the feature you must remove the annotation from the [`AWSCluster`]({{< relref "/ui-api/management-api/crd/awsclusters.infrastructure.giantswarm.io.md" >}}) custom resource.

### Workload cluster releases v15.x.x and newer

> To disable automatic termination of unhealthy nodes, you have to edit the [`AWSCluster`]({{< relref "/ui-api/management-api/crd/awsclusters.infrastructure.giantswarm.io.md" >}}) resource of your cluster using the [Management API]({{< relref "/ui-api/management-api/" >}}).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To disable automatic termination of unhealthy nodes, edit the [`AWSCluster`]({{< relref "/ui-api/management-api/crd/awsclusters.infrastructure.giantswarm.io.md" >}}) resource of your cluster using the [Management API]({{< relref "/ui-api/management-api/" >}}).
```

Make sure the resource has the annotation

```yaml
node.giantswarm.io/terminate-unhealthy: "false"

```yaml
apiVersion: infrastructure.giantswarm.io/v1alpha2
kind: AWSCluster
metadata:
  annotations:
    node.giantswarm.io/terminate-unhealthy: "false"
  labels:
    giantswarm.io/cluster: jni9x
    giantswarm.io/organization: giantswarm
    release.giantswarm.io/version: 12.6.0
  name: jni9x
  namespace: default
spec:
  ...
```

### Azure

> To enable automatic termination of unhealthy nodes, you have to edit the [`Cluster`]({{< relref "/ui-api/management-api/crd/clusters.cluster.x-k8s.io.md" >}}) resource of your cluster using the [Management API]({{< relref "/ui-api/management-api" >}}).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable automatic termination of unhealthy nodes, edit the [`Cluster`]({{< relref "/ui-api/management-api/crd/clusters.cluster.x-k8s.io.md" >}}) resource of your cluster using the [Management API]({{< relref "/ui-api/management-api" >}}).
```

> Make sure the resource has the `alpha.node.giantswarm.io/terminate-unhealthy` annotation. The value can be anything you like, as only the presence of that annotation is checked. Here is an example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure the resource has the `alpha.node.giantswarm.io/terminate-unhealthy` annotation. The value can be anything you like, as just the presence of that annotation is checked. Here is an example:
```
